the attention the appearance of ghosts in
disaster places exactly good
without going any further, notice that in the
Japan tsunami it was seen what many
people claim that it is a kind of
ghost a presence this plasma
that dissolves as mysteriously as
appeared in the very same please if I
we can see to analyze all good
So here are two theories on the one hand
there are some people who say no that
it should be simply a kind of
bag dragged by the day inside and
program but says the angle despite the
way that it adopts disappears for it
any would change color that
area and when it is above a
darker background and I respect red that is
where this form should be more noticeable
quite curious that subsequently
see what it is now it is proven not
it was an altered image they are not
superimposed in fact is in the same
pixel formation that the background where
this record is made
and finally they dissolve from it
mysterious way it manifests
that something like that will enter the text
almost like an astral trip that a stake
maritime as if through a
dematerialization capacity appears
spontaneously it takes a small turn towards
up and when it should be seen more
I insist on him with doubt because of the contrast
true of the background with which he does is
fade into the air disappearing
already in sight too much action of
operator in this impactful masters that
has been repeated in another catastrophe but
nowadays it does not illustrate so graphically
could beat a theory already begun to
current circular and that says that really
these space visitors and these
Spectral presences audiences
fundamentally to a fact that there
tonic in the future of humanity has
managed to leave in time who
then these images that we
we see these UFOs and these figures
spectral are men of the future who
come advance 10 travels in time and
is with us is possible is good not
is wrong donaldo because look
others interview at this time
to the greatest poles of the country look
that even they see very very difficult
for example the visit of beings of others
planets that do not deny their existence
but that clearly there is not one
intervention as frequent as not
thinks it says that what is
happening really are contacts with
civilizations that exist in
parallel dimensions or more credible yet
being there was physics is pérez
creatures that leave time in fact
travel in time physics let's say what
He showed many teak years ago
that one can travel to the future that
let's say physically for a person today
it is impossible but in terms of
particles that is a process that is real
and what happens all the time however
However, travel to the past when
before it was considered an impossible
there are several renowned scientists
true as a great certain specialist
African-American who says he's about
to achieve it and there would be that possibility
attend because high event because some
way they defined part of the future of the
humanity
a spectrum that comes from the future also
It can be a soul because it was giving
come back from this catastrophe that
also how to discard that
possibility that even has more
handle
now that the camera can capture it and not
always a human is also something that is
very typical let 's say the right now by
andrew this could also explain the
old question of humanity from the
decade of the 40 when they begin to become
patent these paranormal phenomena and
the question that we become great and
always the question of why why
they tie us with their presence because they do not
they make contact with us then they are
the future for a very simple reason
because if the beings of the future
intervene in the past
future create a chain the effect
butterfly
it is the least curious thing to notice that
we are seeing snapshots of the
videos filmed with the recordings
originals also for a thing of
seconds you can rescue these forms
capricious we can say mere
chance I do not know but
there were several that at some point
they began to notice that the smoke
product of the fire caused in the
world trade center after the attack of
these two commercial aircraft that are
they crashed against them they ended up
forming an image is that we
let's say within popular culture
we can easily recognize how
images of the devil according to how
Renaissance painting the mission has
even before it has been in charge of
translate put an image to the devil
it's pretty much what it looks like now
here two things can happen and you have to
be very honest there is a gestalt process
where the current human mind that to all
needed the senses that people
it's about clear drawing shapes that
regrets the human collective can is
able to recognize especially in subjects
as tragic as these where they are
looking for some character shapes
diabolical however this say that it
have tried to find another fire
but you can always do this
exercise here with an overwhelming
exaggeration and clarity access of this
image is with the face of something with
the cheeks fingers
and said something about not wanting
say or do not want to manifest because
somehow modifies the stretch is not
true or the normal timeline good
there is to interpret is not true
because indeed those who make a
attack being associated with the devil or
are they the bad ones or in some way the
attack is towards the USA because its
authorities are the diabolical ones for those
people for the side that always
exercise the truth that gives you just
to establish that one can not
interpret good photos full of
images interprets bless for happy
I do not want to go back and in this case like
affected and the attackers are the same
that the US is plotting with the priorities
that he has enough to believe absolutely
let say
also good also in the towers
twins see that it was said that it was seen
the presence of 200 fliers 120 fixed
we are seeing imagine
and there enters the plane does not continue happening and
we understand that is the rest of the
plane with as we say
rightly it is a pain object not
identified that he was doing the
destination because it's still going on
happening but but let's also say
pointing out the emotional thing could be
perfectly part of the fuselage of the
aircraft that crashed into the
building is quite logical to think it
exactly they have not been logical because in
the moment of impact must have
changed the trajectory and this example
confirmed with linear elektra
and it's not just one of the fish as something
if it's an object that went flying has
what to do with the house let's say what
I know I do not know how to find many blocks
they round them no part of functions that
the planes or turbines or anything I want
the image at least never to show that
image looks small compared to the
plane but in real terms pretty
grace and it's great it 's as big as a
clear bus be we are not talking about
several meters in diameter
and for the glass